# Google Analytics Campaign URL Builder

## About
Google Analytics users can add parameters to the destination URLS, or landing pages, used in their ad campaigns to collect additional information regarding the efficacy of the delivery channels used by their ad campaign and of the ad campaign overall. By example, you might run a Labor Day sale to promote deals at your online retail site. To promote that sale, you might set up an ad campaign to drive traffic to your site through multiple delivery channels such as various social apps, programmatic, email marketing, and direct display advertising deals with publishers. Running your ad campaign through these different channels would make it difficult to track the efficacy of any of these channels, which is important as you would want to optimize your ad campaign by shifting budgets to better performing channels. Alternatively, you could be running different versions of your ad creative or of the campaign targeting different users in different environments. By adding parameters to the destination URLS 

By adding campaign parameters to the destination URLs you use in your ad campaigns, you can collect information about the overall efficacy of those campaigns, and also understand where the campaigns are more effective. For example, your Summer Sale campaign might be generating lots of revenue, but if you're running the campaign in several different social apps, you want to know which of them is sending you the customers who generate the most revenue. Or if you're running different versions of the campaign via email, video ads, and in-app ads, you can compare the results to see where your marketing is most effective.

When a user clicks a referral link, the parameters you add are sent to Analytics, and the related data is available in the Campaigns reports.
